Run each query both with results cache enabled and disabled in mimir-continuous-test tool (#1691)
grafana/mimir: operations/mimir-mixin/docs/playbooks.md

  ```
  kubectl logs -n <namespace> deployment/continuous-test
  ```
- Check if query result comparison is failing

>   - Is query failing both when results cache is enabled or disabled?

Reviewer: Nit, clearer phrasing:
```suggestion
  - Is query failing both when results cache is enabled and when it's disabled?
```
